Throughout the making of this model, I had looked at various programs to see which one fit me the best when trying to make the game. I had thought about using Unity or even RPG maker but in the end I stuck with Twine. There was not alot in this model that was new, most of the required programming was already povided by Twine. I had incorporated my 3D model of Artemis and Nefertiti remix into the story which can be seen prior to the final ending of the story. While I do not have much knowledge with programming, I was very limited in what I could do. One of the main source I had use to get through this module was the Twine Cookbook which provided most of the script needed. I had used some of the features within the cookbook as can be seen with the different fonts and the random number sequences.

During the creation of this game, one of the topics we talked about on February 26 regarding the consequences of your actions within a game. This greatly reflects my own choose your own adventure story as there are numerous outcomes depending what on your choice of action. These consequences can lead to something rewarding, a good or bad ending. One article which I had read for the entry ticket was the Walking Simulator work from March 14. While I could not annotate anything from my computer onto that document, the idea that you create your own narration stuck me. This was something that was talked about in class where a story does not have to be linear but it can unfold as you explore or slowly progress through it. This could be applied to my interactive module as the players has a different story depending on the choices and action they choose

Bibliography:

Welcome to the Twine Cookbook!. (n.d.). Retrieved March 19, 2018, from https://twinery.org/cookbook/

Tennant, E. G. (2016). Archaeological Walking Simulator. The SAA Archaeological Records, 16(5), 23-28. Retrieved March 18, 2018, from http://onlinedigeditions.com/publication/?i=356358#{"issue_id":356358,"page":30}
