In my opinion, this model has been the most difficult one yet mainly due to my lack of knowledge when it came to scripting. To try and combat this, I had tried various different programs such as Unity, RPG maker and Twinery. In the end, I felt that twinery would be the most efficent for me to make and the easiest for me to understand. For twine, I heavily relied on Twine Cookbook which was provided by the professor. I do feel that I could have done a much better module if I understood more of the scripting for unity.

During the creation of my model, there was not much new information or items which I needed to include as most of what was made came from my imagination and I had created a story as I made the choices. However, I do feel that part of my story is heavily influenced by the AAA game Assassin Creed Origins by Ubisoft. While there are nothing copied from the game itself, it certainly did serve as an inspiration. These elements could be seen with the story setting in Egypt and the character having the role of Medjay who are real life figures that acted as a police force within Ancient Egypt. 

There were several topics I kept in mind while creating my story, one mainly the idea of consequences which could be reflective in the type of story I ultimately decided to create. The actionn and decision of the player would decide whether the story continues or ends. Furthermore, the player creates the story as the play due to the different endings. This would create a more unique experience and allows the player to pursue a storyline which interests them more. 
