For this last module, I had tried to venture out of my comfort zone and decided to try out Aurasma by HP. This was a free to use pc program which allowed me to attach a 3D model to a trigger image which requires the phone. My original idea was to have a series of dots as a trigger image to reveal my 3D Artemis and Nefertiti module 2 remix. The main reason why I chose a series of dots rather than an image or sceneary is because the dots were easy to recreate with minimal effort. If the person wishes, they could simply draw the dots onto a paper, their surrounding or even on their hands and arms for the 3D model to pop up. This easy access and recreation would allow many audience to experience the AR. 

Unfortunatly the 3D overlay for Aurasma wouldn't want to work for me as I could not get .DAE file for the program. I was able to export my 3D model in that format from Meshlab but for some reason Aurasma could not find that file on my pc. After a few days of trying, I gave up and decided to create a hologram projector. This was much easier as I just needed to cut and glue some rhombus cut from CD cases together. During the creation of this projector, I had some of the themes from March 27th class with me while I made this. The main idea was the possible damage this can cauase for others. From this, the main answer I concluded with is that anything can be displayed within this hologram projector as long as there is a video or digital image. With this, the videos and images can easily be altered into a different context or editited to show something inappropriate. Furthermore, the consequences and potential damage which this hologram can cause is completely dependent on it's user as they ultimately decide what image are used. 
