This week for the entry ticket, we had to read "Rethinking the Digital Remix: Mash‐ups and the Metaphysics of Sound Recording" by David J. Gunkel. At first glance, I initially thought this would be an incrediably interesting article asa I did take some music history courses at carleton in the past and touched upon the idea of remixing. 
A major theme present within this week's reading which I had discussed in my previous courses is the question whether remixing a song could be seen a inventing something new or if it is simply adding on to someone's work and calling it your own. 

"Advocates complain about the corporate appropriation and recall fondly the 'more original and authentic' past, while critics point out how this innovation is really nothing new and can be easily situated within the established order" (Gunkel, 2008)
This is a quote from the deading by David Gunkel which is an example of the discourse surrounding the authenticity of remix. There is a constant idea that what was created in the past could be argue as better since there is a sense of originality, something that has never been done before and revolutionary which had large impact to society. However, we do not necessary see this in modern day anymore. 
Even when there is a new popular remix, I feel like this would always be compared to the past and will not achieve the same amount of praise as the original work which it was based off. 

An interesting topic that the author brings up is the difference between a live performance and a recorded production. I think this topic intrigues me because while a recorded production can be immortalized and perfected, there are factors which it can not be captured. During a live performance, the artist could change their outfits, hype up the audience or even hit a wrong note. All these are factors which create a unique experience during a live performance which you do not get with a recording. Each performance would have small variation from each other while a recorded production will alwyas be the same no matter when or how much you play it. This all goes into the idea that there are numerous factors which creates an experience that simply can not be captured. Similar to when the author talks about the phonograph within his article, it still merely captures one aspect of the experience rather than the complete event. 
