For module 2, I had decided to mix two 3D models together. For this, I have chosen the statue of the Greek goddess "Artemis with Ifigenia" and remix it with the bust of Queen Nefertiti. The reason why I had decided to combine these two is due to their similar symbolism and representation. Artemis is a Greek goddess of the hunt, femininity and has the power to either inflict harm or heal. The other individual depicted within the statue is Ifigenia, who represents strength and courage as she was saved by Artemis and had devoted to serving her ever since. This statue tells a Greek mythological tale regarding a diety which was well worshipped in the past. On the otherhand, the other model which I had decided to remix is the bust of Queen Nefertiti who was said to be the embodiment of beauty with the power to rule over Egypt as she was considered to be one of the most powerful rulers. 

The reason I had decided to remix these two models as these individuals depicted within their respected models have very similar attributes and what they represent. Due to the fact that Artemis is a goddess which symbolize femininity and power, Nefertiti could be seen to personify those traits as a ruler of Egypt. To take this a step further, Nefertiti could also be a historical figure which embodied all the values that the Goddess Artemis possessed. 

During the creation of module 2, I had put in consideration as to how I will be able to represent the two figures without losing the meaning of one. To make sure that each individual was well represented, I had decided to replace Artemis' head with Nefertiti rather than vice versa. The two models paired perfectly with each other as the stag found within the Artemis' model is another representation of this diety. This stag plays a significant role as it is one of the major symbolism used to represent Artemis within the Greek lore. Next, the character Ifigenia was kept to demonstrate the strength which both Artemis and Nerfertiti both held as there were numerous people that devoted their lives to both Nefertiti and Artemis, not to mention the immense power each women had. 

While I was working on module 2, there were some topics we had discussed in class which I had kept in mind. One of the more prominent reading was from Feb.14 as we looked at the idea of ownership and the bust of Queen Nefertiti was the prime example used within this article. Similar questions from Sam Jacob's reading "The copy in contemporary culture is both despised and feared" were also brought up during the creation of my 3D model. During edits of my creation, I constantly questioned who would be considered the original owner of these models, would it be those who the statues were imaged after? Or perhaps the sculptor who created what they see, the individual who scanned those statues and posted it online? Perhaps even it could be me as I decided to create something new by mixing two statues which was premade. During all these questions, I had also realized that this was a very interesting topic for me as the Greek statue "Artemis and Ifigenia" were mythological legends depicting a diety. This would lead to the unknown origins of who created these  mythological stories and who has decided how a diety should be depicted. I believe that as a story or mythological legend becomes older, the idea of ownership becomes more ambigous as these tales could always be retold by numerous individual each giving their own spin to it.

Throughout this model, I had learned numerous things such as  the complicated idea of ownership when it comes to historical objects. Furthermore, not have I learned how to use MeshMixer, but also the historical background to these statues. In extension to this, I was able to see the connection of these two iconic figures, despite one is a diety and other is was once a living women, they share striking similarities. There could also be a possibility one could argue that Nefertiti could be a figure which connects dieties such as Artemis to humans. Not only did Nefertiti shared similar values as the goddess Artemis but she was also a pharaoh in Ancient Egypt. Pharaohs are believed to be a mediator between humans and gods thus further reinforcing the idea that Nefertiti could be a human representation of a goddess or an individual which creates the bridge between mortals and dieties.
