This portfolio/reflection/whatever-you-call-it can be very personal, or it can try to be a formal piece of work. It should be something that you are proud to show someone else from outside this class: it will, after all, live on the open web (unless you have privacy concerns and have made an arrangement with me in this regard)

Throughout this digital history course, I have learned and achieved many things that I was not expected when I initially enrolled into this course. I remember when I first got the email from our professor Shawn Graham asking to create github and hypothesis accounts rather than simply posting everything on CULearn, I was immediately taken back. After reading the syllabus and trying to figure out what was required within this course and how we would be marked, I began to second guess myself. This course had sounded like a programing or technology class rather than a history course. I started to question whether I should have switched out into another class where I know I will be able to understand the work or simply stay, take my chance and hopefully the students who have previous knowledge about programming be kind enough to lend me a hand. 

After deciding to stick with the course, I was more than surprised that I was not the only student who had the same feeling as I had expected the class to be filled with individuals that are very good with software and programs. Not long after the class started, we were faced with our first module which was to create a 3D model based on something historical around Ottawa. Due to the fact that I have an Android S6, I decided to use the app called scanned3D. After many failed attempts in using this app, I decided to take my luck with Regard3D and this did not get me any further than my previous attempts. I was stumped as I have no knowledge about command prompts which was required to insert data into the image needed for Regard3D. As a shy fourth year student, I took my chances and spoke to the professor, perhaps he was kind enough to lend me a hand or even give me any extra resources needed. This was a miracle, I was taught step by step on what to type in for the command prompts after classs and I had handed in my first module in on time. While I certainly did not feel that I had done much besides mess with the program and take some pictures, I had a sense of happiness over me as this was the first time in my four year of university that I took up a challenge and created something which was not an essay nor a presentation. 

The year finally began to look hopeful for me as I just proved to myself that I am able to create something unique using computer programs, something that certainly was not my strength. From there, it was smooth sailing, I had mixed an Artemis and Nefertiti statue together as my module two. This time, I had completely done this on my own through trial and error. While I did begin to experiement with Meshmixer, I eventually ended using Meshlab to create my 3D model. I was extremely proud of my work, I was able to create something which I possibly would not even attempt prior to this course knowing that I will be graded on this. In this module, I learned some valuable things such as the importance of documenting the fail attempts during my trial and error. In addition to this, I was very aware of the consequences that could arise from manipulating a digital artifact, a theme that was constantly present within this course. This module 2 had demonstrated to me that any user can alter a digital object, the way it is altered can pose a serious consequence as it my be offensive to some. 

As module 3 came, I was once again faced with uncertainty as I am aware of the scripting and time needed to created a game from my previous modules. Originally I had plans to create a short platform using unity, however I quickly found out that it was very ambitious given the time. During the creation of my choose your own story made using twine, I was very inspired by other games such as Assassin Creed. The main reason for this was largely due to setting mixed with a fictional twist. During this module, I feel as though I can do much better but it is extremely difficult due to my limited scripting knowledge. Prior to this, I had no knowledge of how to even use twine and throughout this module I heavily relied on Twine Cookbook as a guide to create certain text within the game or random number generators. While this module was the most difficult one, I also have learned most from this and that being said, I would take up the challenge to further improve or even create a entirely new game, something that would not happen if I had not done this module

Lastly, module 4 was bringing something digital into the real world. The various options that was available to me were very interesting, all of which I wanted to try and explore. In the end, I had decided to create a hologram projector and to project my image within. A large reason for this is due to the flexibility of this projector, anything can be shown and this demonstrates how easy it is to alter a digital file or artifact. This was a large and reoccuring theme throughout the course as we are constantly bring up the question of accessbility and the consequences of digital history. The projector serves as a media to allow any user to bring something digital into the real world and as seen with previous module, the digital files can easily be manipulated. 
